NAME                                                                                                                  VERSION                                    TYPE         
./gopkg.in/yaml                                                                                                       (devel)                                    go-module     
./private_repos/cnrm.googlesource.com/cnrm/                                                                           (devel)                                    go-module     
./private_repos/cnrm.googlesource.com/cnrm/third_party/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google-beta  (devel)                                    go-module     
./private_repos/github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt/                                                                  (devel)                                    go-module     
./private_repos/istio.io/istio                                                                                        (devel)                                    go-module     
4d63.com/tz                                                                                                           v1.2.0                                     go-module     
CloudDatastore                                                                                                                                                   java-archive  
Django                                                                                                                1.11.9                                     python        
Jinja2                                                                                                                2.6                                        python        
MarkupSafe                                                                                                            0.15                                       python        
MarkupSafe                                                                                                            0.23                                       python        
PyAMF                                                                                                                 0.6.1                                      python        
PyAMF                                                                                                                 0.7.2                                      python        
PyGObject                                                                                                             3.36.0                                     python        
WebOb                                                                                                                 0.9                                        python        
WebOb                                                                                                                 1.1.1                                      python        
WebOb                                                                                                                 1.2.3                                      python        
adduser                                                                                                               3.118ubuntu2                               deb           
alsa-topology-conf                                                                                                    1.2.2-1                                    deb           
alsa-ucm-conf                                                                                                         1.2.2-1ubuntu0.13                          deb           
animal-sniffer-annotations                                                                                            1.19                                       java-archive  
annotations                                                                                                           4.1.1.4                                    java-archive  
anthoscli                                                                                                             (devel)                                    go-module     
antlr-python-runtime                                                                                                  3.1.1                                      python        
apache-jsp                                                                                                            8.5.70                                     java-archive  
apache-jsp                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
appengine-api                                                                                                         1648970822                                 java-archive  
appengine-api-labs                                                                                                    0                                          java-archive  
appengine-api-stubs                                                                                                                                              java-archive  
appengine-jsr107cache                                                                                                 0.0.0                                      java-archive  
appengine-local-runtime                                                                                                                                          java-archive  
appengine-local-runtime-shared                                                                                                                                   java-archive  
appengine-remote-api                                                                                                  0                                          java-archive  
appengine-testing                                                                                                     0                                          java-archive  
appengine-tools-api                                                                                                   0                                          java-archive  
apt                                                                                                                   2.0.6                                      deb           
argparse                                                                                                              1.2.1                                      python        
asm                                                                                                                   9.2                                        java-archive  
asm-analysis                                                                                                          9.2                                        java-archive  
asm-commons                                                                                                           9.2                                        java-archive  
asm-tree                                                                                                              9.2                                        java-archive  
at-spi2-core                                                                                                          2.36.0-2                                   deb           
auto-common                                                                                                           1.0-SNAPSHOT                               java-archive  
auto-service                                                                                                          1.0-rc2                                    java-archive  
auto-value                                                                                                            1.2                                        java-archive  
auto-value-annotations                                                                                                1.8.2                                      java-archive  
avro                                                                                                                  1.7.1                                      java-archive  
base-files                                                                                                            11ubuntu5.5                                deb           
base-passwd                                                                                                           3.5.47                                     deb           
bash                                                                                                                  5.0-6ubuntu1.2                             deb           
binutils                                                                                                              2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
binutils-common                                                                                                       2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                                                             2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
bsdutils                                                                                                              1:2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                        deb           
bzip2                                                                                                                 1.0.8-2                                    deb           
ca-certificates                                                                                                       20210119~20.04.2                           deb           
ca-certificates-java                                                                                                                                             java-archive  
ca-certificates-java                                                                                                  20190405ubuntu1                            deb           
certifi                                                                                                               2019.11.28                                 python        
chardet                                                                                                               3.0.4                                      python        
cloud-firestore-emulator                                                                                                                                         java-archive  
cloud-pubsub-emulator                                                                                                 0.6.0                                      java-archive  
cloud.google.com/go                                                                                                   v0.100.2                                   go-module     
cloud.google.com/go                                                                                                   v0.50.0                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go                                                                                                   v0.81.0                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go                                                                                                   v0.99.0                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/bigtable                                                                                          (devel)                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/bigtable                                                                                          v1.1.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/bigtable                                                                                          v1.13.0                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/cbt                                                                                               0d77640e139ead17acee17ac44a6975ef48b110e   go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/compute                                                                                           v1.3.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/compute                                                                                           v1.5.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/iam                                                                                               v0.1.1                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/monitoring                                                                                        v1.0.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/profiler                                                                                          v0.1.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/storage                                                                                           v1.0.0                                     go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/storage                                                                                           v1.18.2                                    go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/trace                                                                                             v1.0.0                                     go-module     
commons-codec                                                                                                         1.11                                       java-archive  
commons-lang3                                                                                                         3.11                                       java-archive  
commons-logging                                                                                                       1.2                                        java-archive  
coreutils                                                                                                             8.30-3ubuntu2                              deb           
cpp                                                                                                                   4:9.3.0-1ubuntu2                           deb           
cpp-9                                                                                                                 9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
crcmod                                                                                                                1.7                                        python        
curl                                                                                                                  7.68.0-1ubuntu2.11                         deb           
dash                                                                                                                  0.5.10.2-6                                 deb           
dbus                                                                                                                  1.12.16-2ubuntu2.2                         deb           
dbus-python                                                                                                           1.2.16                                     python        
dbus-user-session                                                                                                     1.12.16-2ubuntu2.2                         deb           
dconf-gsettings-backend                                                                                               0.36.0-1                                   deb           
dconf-service                                                                                                         0.36.0-1                                   deb           
debconf                                                                                                               1.5.73                                     deb           
debianutils                                                                                                           4.9.1                                      deb           
default-jre                                                                                                           2:1.11-72                                  deb           
default-jre-headless                                                                                                  2:1.11-72                                  deb           
diffutils                                                                                                             1:3.7-3                                    deb           
dirmngr                                                                                                               2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
distro-info                                                                                                           0.23ubuntu1                                python        
distro-info-data                                                                                                      0.43ubuntu1.10                             deb           
dmsetup                                                                                                               2:1.02.167-1ubuntu1                        deb           
dpkg                                                                                                                  1.19.7ubuntu3                              deb           
dpkg-dev                                                                                                              1.19.7ubuntu3                              deb           
e2fsprogs                                                                                                             1.45.5-2ubuntu1                            deb           
enum34                                                                                                                1.1.6                                      python        
error_prone_annotations                                                                                               2.9.0                                      java-archive  
failureaccess                                                                                                         1.0.1                                      java-archive  
fakeroot                                                                                                              1.24-1                                     deb           
fcgi-client                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
fcgi-server                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
fdisk                                                                                                                 2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
file                                                                                                                  1:5.38-4                                   deb           
findutils                                                                                                             4.7.0-1ubuntu1                             deb           
fontconfig-config                                                                                                     2.13.1-2ubuntu3                            deb           
fonts-dejavu-core                                                                                                     2.37-1                                     deb           
fonts-dejavu-extra                                                                                                    2.37-1                                     deb           
futures                                                                                                               3.2.0                                      python        
g++-9                                                                                                                 9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
gcc-10-base                                                                                                           10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
gcc-9                                                                                                                 9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
gcc-9-base                                                                                                            9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
gir1.2-glib-2.0                                                                                                       1.64.1-1~ubuntu20.04.1                     deb           
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0                                                                                             1.1.13-2ubuntu1.1                          deb           
git                                                                                                                   1:2.36.1-0ppa1~ubuntu20.04.1               deb           
git-man                                                                                                               1:2.36.1-0ppa1~ubuntu20.04.1               deb           
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                                                                      v2.2.15                                    go-module     
github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go                                                                                     v55.8.0+incompatible                       go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                                                                 v0.11.18                                   go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                                                                 v0.11.19                                   go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                                                                 v0.11.21                                   go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                                                            v0.9.13                                    go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                                                            v0.9.16                                    go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/azure/auth                                                                      v0.5.8                                     go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/azure/cli                                                                       v0.4.2                                     go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                                                                            v0.3.0                                     go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                                                                                   v0.2.1                                     go-module     
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                                                                                  v0.6.0                                     go-module     
github.com/BurntSushi/toml                                                                                            v0.3.1                                     go-module     
github.com/BurntSushi/toml                                                                                            v0.4.1                                     go-module     
github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-go/exporter/metric                                            v0.20.0                                    go-module     
github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-go/exporter/trace                                             v0.20.0                                    go-module     
github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt                                                                                   (devel)                                    go-module     
github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt/porch/api                                                                         v0.0.0-20220426215627-4db5feb3a360         go-module     
github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold                                                                              (devel)                                    go-module     
github.com/MakeNowJust/heredoc                                                                                        v0.0.0-20170808103936-bb23615498cd         go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/goutils                                                                                        v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver                                                                                         v1.5.0                                     go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                                                                      v3.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/sprig/v3                                                                                       v3.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/PuerkitoBio/purell                                                                                         v1.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/PuerkitoBio/urlesc                                                                                         v0.0.0-20170810143723-de5bf2ad4578         go-module     
github.com/VividCortex/ewma                                                                                           v1.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/acarl005/stripansi                                                                                         v0.0.0-20180116102854-5a71ef0e047d         go-module     
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                                                          v1.2.2                                     go-module     
github.com/ahmetb/dlog                                                                                                v0.0.0-20170105205344-4fb5f8204f26         go-module     
github.com/alessio/shellescape                                                                                        v1.4.1                                     go-module     
github.com/apex/log                                                                                                   v1.9.0                                     go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                                                                     v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg                                                                                  v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                                                              v12.0.0                                    go-module     
github.com/armon/go-radix                                                                                             v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/asaskevich/govalidator                                                                                     v0.0.0-20190424111038-f61b66f89f4a         go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                                                                                             v1.25.3                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                                                          v1.13.0                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                                                                   v1.13.1                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                                                              v1.8.0                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                                                         v1.10.0                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                                                                   v1.1.4                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                                                                    v2.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                                                             v1.3.5                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ecr                                                                              v1.14.0                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ecrpublic                                                                        v1.11.0                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                                                           v1.7.0                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                                                              v1.9.0                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                                                              v1.14.0                                    go-module     
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                                                              v1.10.0                                    go-module     
github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/ecr-login                                                             v0.0.0-20220216180153-3d7835abdf40         go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                                                               v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/bgentry/go-netrc                                                                                           v0.0.0-20140422174119-9fd32a8b3d3d         go-module     
github.com/bgentry/speakeasy                                                                                          v0.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/bits-and-blooms/bitset                                                                                     v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/blang/semver                                                                                               v3.5.1+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/bmatcuk/doublestar                                                                                         v1.3.4                                     go-module     
github.com/buildpacks/imgutil                                                                                         v0.0.0-20211203200417-76206845baac         go-module     
github.com/buildpacks/lifecycle                                                                                       v0.13.1                                    go-module     
github.com/buildpacks/pack                                                                                            v0.23.0                                    go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                                                        v4.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/census-instrumentation/opencensus-proto                                                                    v0.2.1                                     go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                                                          v2.1.2                                     go-module     
github.com/chai2010/gettext-go                                                                                        v0.0.0-20160711120539-c6fed771bfd5         go-module     
github.com/cheggaaa/pb/v3                                                                                             v3.0.4                                     go-module     
github.com/chrismellard/docker-credential-acr-env                                                                     v0.0.0-20220119192733-fe33c00cee21         go-module     
github.com/cncf/udpa/go                                                                                               v0.0.0-20200313221541-5f7e5dd04533         go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                                                                      v1.5.9                                     go-module     
github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter/estargz                                                                      v0.11.3                                    go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                                                           v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                                                         v1.0.2                                     go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                                                                      v2.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                                                                      v2.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                                                                 v0.2.2                                     go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                                                            v1.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/dimchansky/utfbom                                                                                          v1.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                                                                 v20.10.12+incompatible                     go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                                                        v2.7.1+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                                                        v2.8.0+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                                                              v20.10.13+incompatible                     go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                                                           v0.6.4                                     go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                                                                      v0.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                                                          v0.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                                                            v0.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/dprotaso/go-yit                                                                                            v0.0.0-20191028211022-135eb7262960         go-module     
github.com/dsnet/compress                                                                                             v0.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/dustin/go-humanize                                                                                         v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                                                        v2.9.5+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/emirpasic/gods                                                                                             v1.12.0                                    go-module     
github.com/envoyproxy/go-control-plane                                                                                v0.9.5-0.20200326174812-e8bd2869ff56       go-module     
github.com/envoyproxy/protoc-gen-validate                                                                             v0.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/evanphx/json-patch                                                                                         v4.11.0+incompatible                       go-module     
github.com/evanphx/json-patch                                                                                         v4.12.0+incompatible                       go-module     
github.com/evanphx/json-patch                                                                                         v4.5.0+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/evanphx/json-patch                                                                                         v4.9.0+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/evanphx/json-patch/v5                                                                                      v5.6.0                                     go-module     
github.com/exponent-io/jsonpath                                                                                       v0.0.0-20151013193312-d6023ce2651d         go-module     
github.com/fatih/camelcase                                                                                            v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/fatih/color                                                                                                v1.7.0                                     go-module     
github.com/form3tech-oss/jwt-go                                                                                       v3.2.3+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/form3tech-oss/jwt-go                                                                                       v3.2.5+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                                                          v1.4.7                                     go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                                                          v1.5.1                                     go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                                                         v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/gammazero/deque                                                                                            v0.0.0-20190521012701-46e4ffb7a622         go-module     
github.com/gammazero/workerpool                                                                                       v0.0.0-20190608213748-0ed5e40ec55e         go-module     
github.com/gdamore/encoding                                                                                           v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/gdamore/tcell/v2                                                                                           v2.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/ghodss/yaml                                                                                                v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/go-errors/errors                                                                                           v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/go-errors/errors                                                                                           v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/go-errors/errors                                                                                           v1.4.2                                     go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                                                               v0.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                                                               v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                                                               v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                                                                     v0.19.3                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                                                                     v0.19.5                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                                                                   v0.19.3                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                                                                   v0.19.5                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                                                                   v0.19.6                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/spec                                                                                            v0.19.5                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/spec                                                                                            v0.20.4                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                                            v0.19.14                                   go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                                            v0.19.15                                   go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                                            v0.19.5                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                                            v0.19.6                                    go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                                            v0.21.1                                    go-module     
github.com/gobwas/glob                                                                                                v0.2.3                                     go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                                                              v1.3.2                                     go-module     
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                                                          v4.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/golang/glog                                                                                                v0.0.0-20160126235308-23def4e6c14b         go-module     
github.com/golang/glog                                                                                                v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/golang/groupcache                                                                                          v0.0.0-20191027212112-611e8accdfc9         go-module     
github.com/golang/groupcache                                                                                          v0.0.0-20200121045136-8c9f03a8e57e         go-module     
github.com/golang/groupcache                                                                                          v0.0.0-20210331224755-41bb18bfe9da         go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                                                            v1.3.5                                     go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                                                            v1.5.2                                     go-module     
github.com/golang/snappy                                                                                              v0.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/google/btree                                                                                               v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/google/gnostic                                                                                             v0.5.7-v3refs                              go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                                                              v0.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                                                              v0.5.6                                     go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                                                              v0.5.7                                     go-module     
github.com/google/go-containerregistry                                                                                v0.8.1-0.20220209165246-a44adc326839       go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                                                              v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                                                              v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/google/ko                                                                                                  v0.11.2                                    go-module     
github.com/google/pprof                                                                                               v0.0.0-20210804190019-f964ff605595         go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                                                               v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510         go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                                                                v1.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                                                                v1.3.0                                     go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gax-go/v2                                                                                       v2.0.5                                     go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gax-go/v2                                                                                       v2.1.1                                     go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                                                         v0.3.1                                     go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                                                         v0.4.1                                     go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                                                         v0.5.5                                     go-module     
github.com/gophercloud/gophercloud                                                                                    v0.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                                                                v1.8.0                                     go-module     
github.com/gregjones/httpcache                                                                                        v0.0.0-20180305231024-9cad4c3443a7         go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                                                             v2.5.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                                                          v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp                                                                                     v0.5.1                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-getter                                                                                        v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog                                                                                         v0.9.2                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                                                                    v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin                                                                                        v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-safetemp                                                                                      v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-uuid                                                                                          v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                                                                       v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru                                                                                       v0.5.4                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl                                                                                              v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                                                           v2.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/logutils                                                                                         v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/terraform-config-inspect                                                                         v0.0.0-20191115094559-17f92b0546e8         go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk                                                                             v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/terraform-svchost                                                                                v0.0.0-20191011084731-65d371908596         go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/yamux                                                                                            v0.0.0-20181012175058-2f1d1f20f75d         go-module     
github.com/heroku/color                                                                                               v0.0.6                                     go-module     
github.com/huandu/xstrings                                                                                            v1.3.1                                     go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                                                              v0.3.12                                    go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                                                              v0.3.5                                     go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                                                              v0.3.8                                     go-module     
github.com/jbenet/go-context                                                                                          v0.0.0-20150711004518-d14ea06fba99         go-module     
github.com/jhump/protoreflect                                                                                         v1.12.0                                    go-module     
github.com/jmespath/go-jmespath                                                                                       v0.0.0-20180206201540-c2b33e8439af         go-module     
github.com/jmespath/go-jmespath                                                                                       v0.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                                                        v0.2.2                                     go-module     
github.com/josharian/intern                                                                                           v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                                                           v1.1.11                                    go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                                                           v1.1.12                                    go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                                                           v1.1.9                                     go-module     
github.com/karrick/godirwalk                                                                                          v1.16.1                                    go-module     
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                                                                     v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51         go-module     
github.com/kevinburke/ssh_config                                                                                      v0.0.0-20201106050909-4977a11b4351         go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                                                         v1.15.1                                    go-module     
github.com/kr/pretty                                                                                                  v0.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/kr/text                                                                                                    v0.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/krishicks/yaml-patch                                                                                       v0.0.10                                    go-module     
github.com/kylelemons/godebug                                                                                         v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/liggitt/tabwriter                                                                                          v0.0.0-20181228230101-89fcab3d43de         go-module     
github.com/lucasb-eyer/go-colorful                                                                                    v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/magiconair/properties                                                                                      v1.8.5                                     go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                                                            v0.7.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                                                            v0.7.6                                     go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                                                            v0.7.7                                     go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                                                         v0.1.12                                    go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                                                         v0.1.2                                     go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                                                            v0.0.12                                    go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                                                            v0.0.14                                    go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                                                         v0.0.13                                    go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                                                         v0.0.7                                     go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                                                                      v1.0.2-0.20181231171920-c182affec369       go-module     
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                                                                 v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b         go-module     
github.com/mholt/archiver                                                                                             v3.1.1+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/cli                                                                                              v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/colorstring                                                                                      v0.0.0-20190213212951-d06e56a500db         go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/copystructure                                                                                    v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir                                                                                       v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-testing-interface                                                                             v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                                                                      v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/hashstructure                                                                                    v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/ioprogress                                                                                       v0.0.0-20180201004757-6a23b12fa88e         go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                                                                     v1.1.2                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                                                                     v1.4.3                                     go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk                                                                                      v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                                                              v0.8.0                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                                                                v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                                                            v0.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mount                                                                                             v0.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                                                         v0.4.1                                     go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                                                                  v0.0.0-20210610120745-9d4ed1856297         go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                                                                  v0.0.0-20210619224110-3f7ff695adc6         go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                                                                       v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd         go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                                                         v1.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                                                         v1.0.2                                     go-module     
github.com/monochromegane/go-gitignore                                                                                v0.0.0-20200626010858-205db1a8cc00         go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                                                               v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                                                          v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822         go-module     
github.com/natefinch/lumberjack                                                                                       v2.0.0+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/nwaples/rardecode                                                                                          v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/oklog/run                                                                                                  v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/olekukonko/tablewriter                                                                                     v0.0.4                                     go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                                                                   v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                                                                   v1.0.0-rc1                                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                                                                  v1.0.2-0.20210730191737-8e42a01fb1b7       go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                                                        v1.0.2                                     go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                                                                     v1.8.2                                     go-module     
github.com/otiai10/copy                                                                                               v1.6.0                                     go-module     
github.com/otiai10/copy                                                                                               v1.7.0                                     go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                                                          v1.9.4                                     go-module     
github.com/peterbourgon/diskv                                                                                         v2.0.1+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/pierrec/lz4                                                                                                v2.2.7+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/pkg/browser                                                                                                v0.0.0-20180916011732-0a3d74bf9ce4         go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                                                                 v0.9.1                                     go-module     
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                                                         v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/posener/complete                                                                                           v1.2.1                                     go-module     
github.com/posener/complete/v2                                                                                        v2.0.1-alpha.12                            go-module     
github.com/posener/script                                                                                             v1.0.4                                     go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                                                                   v1.11.0                                    go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                                                                    v0.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                                                          v0.31.1                                    go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                                                          v0.7.3                                     go-module     
github.com/rakyll/statik                                                                                              v0.1.7                                     go-module     
github.com/rivo/tview                                                                                                 v0.0.0-20210624165335-29d673af0ce2         go-module     
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                                                                v0.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/rjeczalik/notify                                                                                           v0.9.3-0.20201210012515-e2a77dcc14cf       go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday                                                                                       v1.5.2                                     go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                                                                    v2.0.1                                     go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                                                                    v2.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/sabhiram/go-gitignore                                                                                      v0.0.0-20201211074657-223ce5d391b0         go-module     
github.com/segmentio/encoding                                                                                         v0.2.7                                     go-module     
github.com/segmentio/textio                                                                                           v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/sergi/go-diff                                                                                              v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/sergi/go-diff                                                                                              v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                                                             v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/sigstore/cosign                                                                                            v1.3.2-0.20211120003522-90e2dcfe7b92       go-module     
github.com/sigstore/sigstore                                                                                          v1.0.2-0.20211115214857-534e133ebf9d       go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                                                            v1.8.1                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/afero                                                                                                v1.2.2                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/afero                                                                                                v1.6.0                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/cast                                                                                                 v1.3.1                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/cast                                                                                                 v1.4.1                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                                                                v1.0.0                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                                                                v1.2.1                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                                                                v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/jwalterweatherman                                                                                    v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                                                                v1.0.5                                     go-module     
github.com/spf13/viper                                                                                                v1.10.1                                    go-module     
github.com/spyzhov/ajson                                                                                              v0.4.2                                     go-module     
github.com/src-d/gcfg                                                                                                 v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/stoewer/go-strcase                                                                                         v1.0.2                                     go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                                                           v1.7.0                                     go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                                                           v1.7.1                                     go-module     
github.com/subosito/gotenv                                                                                            v1.2.0                                     go-module     
github.com/tektoncd/pipeline                                                                                          v0.5.1-0.20190731183258-9d7e37e85bf8       go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/go-tuf                                                                                  v0.0.0-20210722233521-90e262754396         go-module     
github.com/ulikunitz/xz                                                                                               v0.5.6                                     go-module     
github.com/vbatts/tar-split                                                                                           v0.11.2                                    go-module     
github.com/vmihailenco/msgpack                                                                                        v4.0.4+incompatible                        go-module     
github.com/xanzy/ssh-agent                                                                                            v0.3.0                                     go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                                                                      v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb         go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                                                                    v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415         go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                                                                       v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/xi2/xz                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20171230120015-48954b6210f8         go-module     
github.com/xlab/treeprint                                                                                             v0.0.0-20181112141820-a009c3971eca         go-module     
github.com/xlab/treeprint                                                                                             v1.1.0                                     go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                                                             v1.4.0                                     go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty-yaml                                                                                        v1.0.1                                     go-module     
glib-networking                                                                                                       2.64.2-1ubuntu0.1                          deb           
glib-networking-common                                                                                                2.64.2-1ubuntu0.1                          deb           
glib-networking-services                                                                                              2.64.2-1ubuntu0.1                          deb           
gnupg                                                                                                                 2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gnupg-l10n                                                                                                            2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gnupg-utils                                                                                                           2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
go-app-stager                                                                                                         (devel)                                    go-module     
go.lsp.dev/jsonrpc2                                                                                                   v0.9.0                                     go-module     
go.lsp.dev/pkg                                                                                                        v0.0.0-20210323044036-f7deec69b52e         go-module     
go.lsp.dev/protocol                                                                                                   v0.11.2                                    go-module     
go.lsp.dev/uri                                                                                                        v0.3.0                                     go-module     
go.opencensus.io                                                                                                      v0.22.2                                    go-module     
go.opencensus.io                                                                                                      v0.23.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                                                              v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/stdout                                                                             v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/jaeger                                                                       v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                                                                       v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                                                          v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/export/metric                                                                            v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric                                                                                   v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                                                        v0.20.0                                    go-module     
go.starlark.net                                                                                                       v0.0.0-20200306205701-8dd3e2ee1dd5         go-module     
go.uber.org/atomic                                                                                                    v1.4.0                                     go-module     
go.uber.org/atomic                                                                                                    v1.9.0                                     go-module     
go.uber.org/automaxprocs                                                                                              v1.4.1-0.20220314153950-975e177ad84f       go-module     
go.uber.org/multierr                                                                                                  v1.1.0                                     go-module     
go.uber.org/multierr                                                                                                  v1.7.0                                     go-module     
go.uber.org/zap                                                                                                       v1.10.0                                    go-module     
go.uber.org/zap                                                                                                       v1.19.1                                    go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20210220033148-5ea612d1eb83         go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20220112180741-5e0467b6c7ce         go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20220214200702-86341886e292         go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20220331220935-ae2d96664a29         go-module     
golang.org/x/mod                                                                                                      v0.5.1                                     go-module     
golang.org/x/mod                                                                                                      v0.6.0-dev.0.20220106191415-9b9b3d81d5e3   go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20201110031124-69a78807bb2b         go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20210503060351-7fd8e65b6420         go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20210520170846-37e1c6afe023         go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220127074510-2fabfed7e28f         go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220127200216-cd36cc0744dd         go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220225172249-27dd8689420f         go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20190604053449-0f29369cfe45         go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20210402161424-2e8d93401602         go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20211104180415-d3ed0bb246c8         go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20220309155454-6242fa91716a         go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c         go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20210817190340-bfb29a6856f2         go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20211025201205-69cdffdb9359         go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220209214540-3681064d5158         go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220310020820-b874c991c1a5         go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20220405052023-b1e9470b6e64         go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20210220032956-6a3ed077a48d         go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211         go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                                                                     v0.3.4                                     go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                                                                     v0.3.6                                     go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                                                                     v0.3.7                                     go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20190921001708-c4c64cad1fd0         go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac         go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                                                                     v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8         go-module     
golang.org/x/tools                                                                                                    v0.1.10                                    go-module     
golang.org/x/xerrors                                                                                                  v0.0.0-20200804184101-5ec99f83aff1         go-module     
gomodules.xyz/jsonpatch/v2                                                                                            v2.2.0                                     go-module     
google-auth-library-credentials                                                                                       0.22.2                                     java-archive  
google-auth-library-oauth2-http                                                                                       0.22.2                                     java-archive  
google-http-client                                                                                                    1.38.0                                     java-archive  
google-http-client-jackson2                                                                                           1.38.0                                     java-archive  
google.golang.org/api                                                                                                 v0.22.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/api                                                                                                 v0.63.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/api                                                                                                 v0.71.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                                                            v0.0.0-20191223191004-3caeed10a8bf         go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                                                            v0.0.0-20211027162914-98a5263abeca         go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                                                            v0.0.0-20220126215142-9970aeb2e350         go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                                                            v0.0.0-20220304144024-325a89244dc8         go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                                                                v1.28.1                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                                                                v1.40.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                                                                v1.44.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                                                                v1.45.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                                                            v1.26.0                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                                                            v1.27.1                                    go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                                                            v1.28.0                                    go-module     
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                                                                       v0.9.1                                     go-module     
gopkg.in/ini.v1                                                                                                       v1.66.2                                    go-module     
gopkg.in/src-d/go-billy.v4                                                                                            v4.3.2                                     go-module     
gopkg.in/src-d/go-git.v4                                                                                              v4.13.1                                    go-module     
gopkg.in/warnings.v0                                                                                                  v0.1.2                                     go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                                                                      v2.2.8                                     go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                                                                      v2.4.0                                     go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                                                                      v3.0.0-20191026110619-0b21df46bc1d         go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                                                                      v3.0.0-20200313102051-9f266ea9e77c         go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                                                                      v3.0.0-20200615113413-eeeca48fe776         go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                                                                      v3.0.0-20210107192922-496545a6307b         go-module     
gpg                                                                                                                   2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpg-agent                                                                                                             2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpg-wks-client                                                                                                        2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpg-wks-server                                                                                                        2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpgconf                                                                                                               2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpgsm                                                                                                                 2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
gpgv                                                                                                                  2.2.19-3ubuntu2.1                          deb           
grep                                                                                                                  3.4-1                                      deb           
grpc-google-cloud-pubsub-v1                                                                                           1.96.5                                     java-archive  
grpcio                                                                                                                1.20.0                                     python        
gsettings-desktop-schemas                                                                                             3.36.0-1ubuntu1                            deb           
gson                                                                                                                  2.8.6                                      java-archive  
guava                                                                                                                 19.0                                       java-archive  
gzip                                                                                                                  1.10-0ubuntu4.1                            deb           
helm.sh/helm/v3                                                                                                       v3.2.0                                     go-module     
hostname                                                                                                              3.23                                       deb           
http2-common                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
http2-hpack                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
http2-server                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
httpclient                                                                                                            4.5.13                                     java-archive  
httpcore                                                                                                              4.4.13                                     java-archive  
idna                                                                                                                  2.8                                        python        
infinispan-common                                                                                                     9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
infinispan-embedded-query                                                                                             9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
infinispan-remote-query                                                                                               9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
init-system-helpers                                                                                                   1.57                                       deb           
iso-codes                                                                                                             4.4-1                                      deb           
istio.io/api                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20200724154434-34e474846e0d         go-module     
istio.io/gogo-genproto                                                                                                v0.0.0-20200709220749-8607e17318e8         go-module     
istio.io/pkg                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20200709220414-14d5de656564         go-module     
j2objc-annotations                                                                                                    1.3                                        java-archive  
jackson-core                                                                                                          2.11.3                                     java-archive  
java-atk-wrapper                                                                                                                                                 java-archive  
java-common                                                                                                           0.72                                       deb           
javax-websocket-client-impl                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
javax-websocket-server-impl                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
javax.annotation-api                                                                                                  1.3.2                                      java-archive  
javax.mail.glassfish                                                                                                  1.4.1.v201005082020                        java-archive  
javax.security.auth.message                                                                                           1.0.0.v201108011116                        java-archive  
javax.servlet-api                                                                                                     3.1.0                                      java-archive  
javax.transaction-api                                                                                                 1.3                                        java-archive  
javax.websocket-api                                                                                                   1.0                                        java-archive  
jaxb-api                                                                                                              2.2.11                                     java-archive  
jctools-core                                                                                                          3.1.0                                      java-archive  
jetty-alpn-conscrypt-server                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-alpn-java-server                                                                                                9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-alpn-openjdk8-server                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-alpn-server                                                                                                     9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-annotations                                                                                                     9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-cdi                                                                                                             9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-client                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-continuation                                                                                                    9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-deploy                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-gcloud-session-manager                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-hazelcast                                                                                                       9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-http                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-io                                                                                                              9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-jaas                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-jaspi                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-jmx                                                                                                             9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-jndi                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-memcached-sessions                                                                                              9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-nosql                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-openid                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-plus                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-proxy                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-quickstart                                                                                                      9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-rewrite                                                                                                         9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-schemas                                                                                                         3.1.M0                                     java-archive  
jetty-security                                                                                                        9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-server                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-servlet                                                                                                         9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-servlets                                                                                                        9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-setuid-java                                                                                                     1.0.4                                      java-archive  
jetty-spring                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-start                                                                                                           9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-unixsocket                                                                                                      9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-util                                                                                                            9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-util-ajax                                                                                                       9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-webapp                                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jetty-xml                                                                                                             9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
jrt-fs                                                                                                                11.0.15                                    java-archive  
jsr107cache                                                                                                           1.1                                        java-archive  
jsr305                                                                                                                3.0.2                                      java-archive  
jzlib                                                                                                                 1.1.3                                      java-archive  
k8s.io/api                                                                                                            v0.18.3                                    go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                                                            v0.21.6                                    go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                                                            v0.22.3                                    go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                                                            v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/apiextensions-apiserver                                                                                        v0.18.2                                    go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                                                                   v0.18.3                                    go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                                                                   v0.21.6                                    go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                                                                   v0.22.3                                    go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                                                                   v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/cli-runtime                                                                                                    v0.22.2                                    go-module     
k8s.io/cli-runtime                                                                                                    v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                                                                      v0.18.3                                    go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                                                                      v0.21.6                                    go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                                                                      v0.22.2                                    go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                                                                      v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                                                                 v0.22.2                                    go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                                                                 v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/klog                                                                                                           v1.0.0                                     go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                                                        v2.10.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                                                        v2.20.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                                                        v2.60.1                                    go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20200410145947-61e04a5be9a6         go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20210305001622-591a79e4bda7         go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20210421082810-95288971da7e         go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20211109043139-026bd182f079         go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                                                                   v0.0.0-20220401212409-b28bf2818661         go-module     
k8s.io/kubectl                                                                                                        v0.18.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/kubectl                                                                                                        v0.21.6                                    go-module     
k8s.io/kubectl                                                                                                        v0.22.2                                    go-module     
k8s.io/kubectl                                                                                                        v0.24.0                                    go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20200324210504-a9aa75ae1b89         go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20210820185131-d34e5cb4466e         go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b         go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                                                          v0.0.0-20220210201930-3a6ce19ff2f9         go-module     
knative.dev/pkg                                                                                                       v0.0.0-20211004133827-74ac82a333a4         go-module     
less                                                                                                                  551-1ubuntu0.1                             deb           
libacl1                                                                                                               2.2.53-6                                   deb           
libalgorithm-diff-perl                                                                                                1.19.03-2                                  deb           
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl                                                                                             0.04-6                                     deb           
libalgorithm-merge-perl                                                                                               0.08-3                                     deb           
libapparmor1                                                                                                          2.13.3-7ubuntu5.1                          deb           
libappstream4                                                                                                         0.12.10-2                                  deb           
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                                                         2.0.6                                      deb           
libargon2-1                                                                                                           0~20171227-0.2                             deb           
libasan5                                                                                                              9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
libasn1-8-heimdal                                                                                                     7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libasound2                                                                                                            1.2.2-2.1ubuntu2.5                         deb           
libasound2-data                                                                                                       1.2.2-2.1ubuntu2.5                         deb           
libassuan0                                                                                                            2.5.3-7ubuntu2                             deb           
libatk-bridge2.0-0                                                                                                    2.34.2-0ubuntu2~20.04.1                    deb           
libatk-wrapper-java                                                                                                   0.37.1-1                                   deb           
libatk-wrapper-java-jni                                                                                               0.37.1-1                                   deb           
libatk1.0-0                                                                                                           2.35.1-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libatk1.0-data                                                                                                        2.35.1-1ubuntu2                            deb           
libatomic1                                                                                                            10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libatspi2.0-0                                                                                                         2.36.0-2                                   deb           
libattr1                                                                                                              1:2.4.48-5                                 deb           
libaudit-common                                                                                                       1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6                           deb           
libaudit1                                                                                                             1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6                           deb           
libavahi-client3                                                                                                      0.7-4ubuntu7.1                             deb           
libavahi-common-data                                                                                                  0.7-4ubuntu7.1                             deb           
libavahi-common3                                                                                                      0.7-4ubuntu7.1                             deb           
libbinutils                                                                                                           2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
libblkid1                                                                                                             2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
libbrotli1                                                                                                            1.0.7-6ubuntu0.1                           deb           
libbsd0                                                                                                               0.10.0-1                                   deb           
libbz2-1.0                                                                                                            1.0.8-2                                    deb           
libc-bin                                                                                                              2.31-0ubuntu9.9                            deb           
libc-dev-bin                                                                                                          2.31-0ubuntu9.9                            deb           
libc6                                                                                                                 2.31-0ubuntu9.9                            deb           
libc6-dev                                                                                                             2.31-0ubuntu9.9                            deb           
libcap-ng0                                                                                                            0.7.9-2.1build1                            deb           
libcap2                                                                                                               1:2.32-1                                   deb           
libcap2-bin                                                                                                           1:2.32-1                                   deb           
libcbor0.6                                                                                                            0.6.0-0ubuntu1                             deb           
libcc1-0                                                                                                              10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libcom-err2                                                                                                           1.45.5-2ubuntu1                            deb           
libcrypt-dev                                                                                                          1:4.4.10-10ubuntu4                         deb           
libcrypt1                                                                                                             1:4.4.10-10ubuntu4                         deb           
libcryptsetup12                                                                                                       2:2.2.2-3ubuntu2.4                         deb           
libctf-nobfd0                                                                                                         2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
libctf0                                                                                                               2.34-6ubuntu1.3                            deb           
libcups2                                                                                                              2.3.1-9ubuntu1.1                           deb           
libcurl3-gnutls                                                                                                       7.68.0-1ubuntu2.11                         deb           
libcurl4                                                                                                              7.68.0-1ubuntu2.11                         deb           
libdb5.3                                                                                                              5.3.28+dfsg1-0.6ubuntu2                    deb           
libdbus-1-3                                                                                                           1.12.16-2ubuntu2.2                         deb           
libdconf1                                                                                                             0.36.0-1                                   deb           
libdebconfclient0                                                                                                     0.251ubuntu1                               deb           
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                                                                    2:1.02.167-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libdpkg-perl                                                                                                          1.19.7ubuntu3                              deb           
libdrm-amdgpu1                                                                                                        2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libdrm-common                                                                                                         2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libdrm-intel1                                                                                                         2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libdrm-nouveau2                                                                                                       2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libdrm-radeon1                                                                                                        2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libdrm2                                                                                                               2.4.107-8ubuntu1~20.04.2                   deb           
libedit2                                                                                                              3.1-20191231-1                             deb           
libelf1                                                                                                               0.176-1.1build1                            deb           
liberror-perl                                                                                                         0.17029-1                                  deb           
libexpat1                                                                                                             2.2.9-1ubuntu0.4                           deb           
libexpat1-dev                                                                                                         2.2.9-1ubuntu0.4                           deb           
libext2fs2                                                                                                            1.45.5-2ubuntu1                            deb           
libfakeroot                                                                                                           1.24-1                                     deb           
libfdisk1                                                                                                             2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
libffi7                                                                                                               3.3-4                                      deb           
libfido2-1                                                                                                            1.3.1-1ubuntu2                             deb           
libfile-fcntllock-perl                                                                                                0.22-3build4                               deb           
libfontconfig1                                                                                                        2.13.1-2ubuntu3                            deb           
libfontenc1                                                                                                           1:1.1.4-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libfreetype6                                                                                                          2.10.1-2ubuntu0.1                          deb           
libgcc-9-dev                                                                                                          9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
libgcc-s1                                                                                                             10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libgcrypt20                                                                                                           1.8.5-5ubuntu1.1                           deb           
libgdbm-compat4                                                                                                       1.18.1-5                                   deb           
libgdbm6                                                                                                              1.18.1-5                                   deb           
libgif7                                                                                                               5.1.9-1                                    deb           
libgirepository-1.0-1                                                                                                 1.64.1-1~ubuntu20.04.1                     deb           
libgl1                                                                                                                1.3.2-1~ubuntu0.20.04.2                    deb           
libgl1-mesa-dri                                                                                                       21.2.6-0ubuntu0.1~20.04.2                  deb           
libglapi-mesa                                                                                                         21.2.6-0ubuntu0.1~20.04.2                  deb           
libglib2.0-0                                                                                                          2.64.6-1~ubuntu20.04.4                     deb           
libglib2.0-bin                                                                                                        2.64.6-1~ubuntu20.04.4                     deb           
libglib2.0-data                                                                                                       2.64.6-1~ubuntu20.04.4                     deb           
libglvnd0                                                                                                             1.3.2-1~ubuntu0.20.04.2                    deb           
libglx-mesa0                                                                                                          21.2.6-0ubuntu0.1~20.04.2                  deb           
libglx0                                                                                                               1.3.2-1~ubuntu0.20.04.2                    deb           
libgmp10                                                                                                              2:6.2.0+dfsg-4                             deb           
libgnutls30                                                                                                           3.6.13-2ubuntu1.6                          deb           
libgomp1                                                                                                              10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libgpg-error0                                                                                                         1.37-1                                     deb           
libgraphite2-3                                                                                                        1.3.13-11build1                            deb           
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                                                                      1.17-6ubuntu4.1                            deb           
libgssapi3-heimdal                                                                                                    7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libgstreamer1.0-0                                                                                                     1.16.2-2                                   deb           
libharfbuzz0b                                                                                                         2.6.4-1ubuntu4                             deb           
libhcrypto4-heimdal                                                                                                   7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libheimbase1-heimdal                                                                                                  7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libheimntlm0-heimdal                                                                                                  7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libhogweed5                                                                                                           3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2               deb           
libhx509-5-heimdal                                                                                                    7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libice6                                                                                                               2:1.0.10-0ubuntu1                          deb           
libicu66                                                                                                              66.1-2ubuntu2.1                            deb           
libidn2-0                                                                                                             2.2.0-2                                    deb           
libip4tc2                                                                                                             1.8.4-3ubuntu2                             deb           
libisl22                                                                                                              0.22.1-1                                   deb           
libitm1                                                                                                               10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libjpeg-turbo8                                                                                                        2.0.3-0ubuntu1.20.04.1                     deb           
libjpeg8                                                                                                              8c-2ubuntu8                                deb           
libjson-c4                                                                                                            0.13.1+dfsg-7ubuntu0.3                     deb           
libk5crypto3                                                                                                          1.17-6ubuntu4.1                            deb           
libkeyutils1                                                                                                          1.6-6ubuntu1                               deb           
libkmod2                                                                                                              27-1ubuntu2                                deb           
libkrb5-26-heimdal                                                                                                    7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libkrb5-3                                                                                                             1.17-6ubuntu4.1                            deb           
libkrb5support0                                                                                                       1.17-6ubuntu4.1                            deb           
libksba8                                                                                                              1.3.5-2                                    deb           
liblcms2-2                                                                                                            2.9-4                                      deb           
libldap-2.4-2                                                                                                         2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.8                     deb           
libldap-common                                                                                                        2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.8                     deb           
libllvm12                                                                                                             1:12.0.0-3ubuntu1~20.04.5                  deb           
liblmdb0                                                                                                              0.9.24-1                                   deb           
liblocale-gettext-perl                                                                                                1.07-4                                     deb           
liblsan0                                                                                                              10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
liblz4-1                                                                                                              1.9.2-2ubuntu0.20.04.1                     deb           
liblzma5                                                                                                              5.2.4-1ubuntu1.1                           deb           
libmagic-mgc                                                                                                          1:5.38-4                                   deb           
libmagic1                                                                                                             1:5.38-4                                   deb           
libmount1                                                                                                             2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
libmpc3                                                                                                               1.1.0-1                                    deb           
libmpdec2                                                                                                             2.4.2-3                                    deb           
libmpfr6                                                                                                              4.0.2-1                                    deb           
libncurses6                                                                                                           6.2-0ubuntu2                               deb           
libncursesw6                                                                                                          6.2-0ubuntu2                               deb           
libnettle7                                                                                                            3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2               deb           
libnghttp2-14                                                                                                         1.40.0-1build1                             deb           
libnpth0                                                                                                              1.6-1                                      deb           
libnspr4                                                                                                              2:4.25-1                                   deb           
libnss-systemd                                                                                                        245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
libnss3                                                                                                               2:3.49.1-1ubuntu1.7                        deb           
libp11-kit0                                                                                                           0.23.20-1ubuntu0.1                         deb           
libpackagekit-glib2-18                                                                                                1.1.13-2ubuntu1.1                          deb           
libpam-cap                                                                                                            1:2.32-1                                   deb           
libpam-modules                                                                                                        1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3                           deb           
libpam-modules-bin                                                                                                    1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3                           deb           
libpam-runtime                                                                                                        1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3                           deb           
libpam-systemd                                                                                                        245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
libpam0g                                                                                                              1.3.1-5ubuntu4.3                           deb           
libpciaccess0                                                                                                         0.16-0ubuntu1                              deb           
libpcre2-8-0                                                                                                          10.34-7                                    deb           
libpcre3                                                                                                              2:8.39-12build1                            deb           
libpcsclite1                                                                                                          1.8.26-3                                   deb           
libperl5.30                                                                                                           5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2                          deb           
libpng16-16                                                                                                           1.6.37-2                                   deb           
libpolkit-agent-1-0                                                                                                   0.105-26ubuntu1.3                          deb           
libpolkit-gobject-1-0                                                                                                 0.105-26ubuntu1.3                          deb           
libprocps8                                                                                                            2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3                        deb           
libproxy1v5                                                                                                           0.4.15-10ubuntu1.2                         deb           
libpsl5                                                                                                               0.21.0-1ubuntu1                            deb           
libpython2-dev                                                                                                        2.7.17-2ubuntu4                            deb           
libpython2-stdlib                                                                                                     2.7.17-2ubuntu4                            deb           
libpython2.7                                                                                                          2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
libpython2.7-dev                                                                                                      2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
libpython2.7-minimal                                                                                                  2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
libpython2.7-stdlib                                                                                                   2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
libpython3-dev                                                                                                        3.8.2-0ubuntu2                             deb           
libpython3-stdlib                                                                                                     3.8.2-0ubuntu2                             deb           
libpython3.8                                                                                                          3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
libpython3.8-dev                                                                                                      3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
libpython3.8-minimal                                                                                                  3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
libpython3.8-stdlib                                                                                                   3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
libquadmath0                                                                                                          10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libreadline8                                                                                                          8.0-4                                      deb           
libroken18-heimdal                                                                                                    7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
librtmp1                                                                                                              2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build1          deb           
libsasl2-2                                                                                                            2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1                     deb           
libsasl2-modules-db                                                                                                   2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1                     deb           
libseccomp2                                                                                                           2.5.1-1ubuntu1~20.04.2                     deb           
libselinux1                                                                                                           3.0-1build2                                deb           
libsemanage-common                                                                                                    3.0-1build2                                deb           
libsemanage1                                                                                                          3.0-1build2                                deb           
libsensors-config                                                                                                     1:3.6.0-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libsensors5                                                                                                           1:3.6.0-2ubuntu1.1                         deb           
libsepol1                                                                                                             3.0-1ubuntu0.1                             deb           
libsm6                                                                                                                2:1.2.3-1                                  deb           
libsmartcols1                                                                                                         2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
libsoup2.4-1                                                                                                          2.70.0-1                                   deb           
libsqlite3-0                                                                                                          3.31.1-4ubuntu0.3                          deb           
libss2                                                                                                                1.45.5-2ubuntu1                            deb           
libssh-4                                                                                                              0.9.3-2ubuntu2.2                           deb           
libssl1.1                                                                                                             1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.13                         deb           
libstdc++-9-dev                                                                                                       9.4.0-1ubuntu1~20.04.1                     deb           
libstdc++6                                                                                                            10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libstemmer0d                                                                                                          0+svn585-2                                 deb           
libsystemd0                                                                                                           245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
libtasn1-6                                                                                                            4.16.0-2                                   deb           
libtinfo6                                                                                                             6.2-0ubuntu2                               deb           
libtsan0                                                                                                              10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libubsan1                                                                                                             10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
libudev1                                                                                                              245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
libunistring2                                                                                                         0.9.10-2                                   deb           
libuuid1                                                                                                              2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
libvulkan1                                                                                                            1.2.131.2-1                                deb           
libwayland-client0                                                                                                    1.18.0-1                                   deb           
libwind0-heimdal                                                                                                      7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1                        deb           
libx11-6                                                                                                              2:1.6.9-2ubuntu1.2                         deb           
libx11-data                                                                                                           2:1.6.9-2ubuntu1.2                         deb           
libx11-xcb1                                                                                                           2:1.6.9-2ubuntu1.2                         deb           
libxau6                                                                                                               1:1.0.9-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxaw7                                                                                                               2:1.0.13-1                                 deb           
libxcb-dri2-0                                                                                                         1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-dri3-0                                                                                                         1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-glx0                                                                                                           1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-present0                                                                                                       1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-randr0                                                                                                         1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-shape0                                                                                                         1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-shm0                                                                                                           1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-sync1                                                                                                          1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb-xfixes0                                                                                                        1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcb1                                                                                                               1.14-2                                     deb           
libxcomposite1                                                                                                        1:0.4.5-1                                  deb           
libxdmcp6                                                                                                             1:1.1.3-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxext6                                                                                                              2:1.3.4-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxfixes3                                                                                                            1:5.0.3-2                                  deb           
libxft2                                                                                                               2.3.3-0ubuntu1                             deb           
libxi6                                                                                                                2:1.7.10-0ubuntu1                          deb           
libxinerama1                                                                                                          2:1.1.4-2                                  deb           
libxkbfile1                                                                                                           1:1.1.0-1                                  deb           
libxml2                                                                                                               2.9.10+dfsg-5ubuntu0.20.04.3               deb           
libxmlvalidator                                                                                                                                                  java-archive  
libxmu6                                                                                                               2:1.1.3-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxmuu1                                                                                                              2:1.1.3-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxpm4                                                                                                               1:3.5.12-1                                 deb           
libxrandr2                                                                                                            2:1.5.2-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxrender1                                                                                                           1:0.9.10-1                                 deb           
libxshmfence1                                                                                                         1.3-1                                      deb           
libxt6                                                                                                                1:1.1.5-1                                  deb           
libxtst6                                                                                                              2:1.2.3-1                                  deb           
libxv1                                                                                                                2:1.0.11-1                                 deb           
libxxf86dga1                                                                                                          2:1.1.5-0ubuntu1                           deb           
libxxf86vm1                                                                                                           1:1.1.4-1build1                            deb           
libyaml-0-2                                                                                                           0.2.2-1                                    deb           
libzstd1                                                                                                              1.4.4+dfsg-3ubuntu0.1                      deb           
linux-libc-dev                                                                                                        5.4.0-110.124                              deb           
listenablefuture                                                                                                      9999.0-empty-to-avoid-conflict-with-guava  java-archive  
login                                                                                                                 1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.1                   deb           
logsave                                                                                                               1.45.5-2ubuntu1                            deb           
lsb-base                                                                                                              11.1.0ubuntu2                              deb           
lsb-release                                                                                                           11.1.0ubuntu2                              deb           
make                                                                                                                  4.2.1-1.2                                  deb           
manpages                                                                                                              5.05-1                                     deb           
manpages-dev                                                                                                          5.05-1                                     deb           
mawk                                                                                                                  1.3.4.20200120-2                           deb           
mesa-vulkan-drivers                                                                                                   21.2.6-0ubuntu0.1~20.04.2                  deb           
mime-support                                                                                                          3.64ubuntu1                                deb           
mount                                                                                                                 2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
ncurses-base                                                                                                          6.2-0ubuntu2                               deb           
ncurses-bin                                                                                                           6.2-0ubuntu2                               deb           
netbase                                                                                                               6.1                                        deb           
netty-buffer                                                                                                          4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-codec                                                                                                           4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-codec-http                                                                                                      4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-codec-http2                                                                                                     4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-codec-socks                                                                                                     4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-common                                                                                                          4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-handler                                                                                                         4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-handler-proxy                                                                                                   4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-resolver                                                                                                        4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-tcnative-boringssl-static                                                                                       2.0.34.Final                               java-archive  
netty-transport                                                                                                       4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-transport-native-epoll                                                                                          4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
netty-transport-native-unix-common                                                                                    4.1.52.Final                               java-archive  
networkd-dispatcher                                                                                                   2.1-2~ubuntu20.04.3                        deb           
okhttp                                                                                                                2.7.4                                      java-archive  
okio                                                                                                                  1.17.5                                     java-archive  
openjdk-11-jre                                                                                                        11.0.15+10-0ubuntu0.20.04.1                deb           
openjdk-11-jre-headless                                                                                               11.0.15+10-0ubuntu0.20.04.1                deb           
openssh-client                                                                                                        1:8.2p1-4ubuntu0.5                         deb           
openssl                                                                                                               1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.13                         deb           
org.apache.taglibs.taglibs-standard-impl                                                                              1.2.5                                      java-archive  
org.apache.taglibs.taglibs-standard-spec                                                                              1.2.5                                      java-archive  
org.eclipse.jdt.ecj                                                                                                   3.19.0                                     java-archive  
org.eclipse.jetty.apache-jsp                                                                                          9.4.45.v20220203-nolog                     java-archive  
org.mortbay.jasper.apache-el                                                                                          8.5.70                                     java-archive  
org.mortbay.jasper.apache-jsp                                                                                         8.5.70                                     java-archive  
packagekit                                                                                                            1.1.13-2ubuntu1.1                          deb           
packagekit-tools                                                                                                      1.1.13-2ubuntu1.1                          deb           
paranamer                                                                                                             2.3                                        java-archive  
passwd                                                                                                                1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.1                   deb           
patch                                                                                                                 2.7.6-6                                    deb           
perl                                                                                                                  5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2                          deb           
perl-base                                                                                                             5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2                          deb           
perl-modules-5.30                                                                                                     5.30.0-9ubuntu0.2                          deb           
pinentry-curses                                                                                                       1.1.0-3build1                              deb           
policykit-1                                                                                                           0.105-26ubuntu1.3                          deb           
procps                                                                                                                2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3                        deb           
proto-google-cloud-pubsub-v1                                                                                          1.96.5                                     java-archive  
proto-google-common-protos                                                                                            2.5.0                                      java-archive  
protobuf-java                                                                                                         3.17.3                                     java-archive  
protobuf-java-util                                                                                                    3.12.0                                     java-archive  
python-apt                                                                                                            2.0.0+ubuntu0.20.4.7                       python        
python-apt-common                                                                                                     2.0.0ubuntu0.20.04.7                       deb           
python-dev-is-python2                                                                                                 2.7.17-4                                   deb           
python-gflags                                                                                                         2.0                                        python        
python-is-python2                                                                                                     2.7.17-4                                   deb           
python-pip-whl                                                                                                        20.0.2-5ubuntu1.6                          deb           
python2                                                                                                               2.7.17-2ubuntu4                            deb           
python2-dev                                                                                                           2.7.17-2ubuntu4                            deb           
python2-minimal                                                                                                       2.7.17-2ubuntu4                            deb           
python2.7                                                                                                             2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
python2.7-dev                                                                                                         2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
python2.7-minimal                                                                                                     2.7.18-1~20.04.1                           deb           
python3                                                                                                               3.8.2-0ubuntu2                             deb           
python3-apt                                                                                                           2.0.0ubuntu0.20.04.7                       deb           
python3-certifi                                                                                                       2019.11.28-1                               deb           
python3-chardet                                                                                                       3.0.4-4build1                              deb           
python3-dbus                                                                                                          1.2.16-1build1                             deb           
python3-dev                                                                                                           3.8.2-0ubuntu2                             deb           
python3-distro-info                                                                                                   0.23ubuntu1                                deb           
python3-distutils                                                                                                     3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
python3-gi                                                                                                            3.36.0-1                                   deb           
python3-idna                                                                                                          2.8-1                                      deb           
python3-lib2to3                                                                                                       3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04                      deb           
python3-minimal                                                                                                       3.8.2-0ubuntu2                             deb           
python3-pkg-resources                                                                                                 45.2.0-1                                   deb           
python3-requests                                                                                                      2.22.0-2ubuntu1                            deb           
python3-requests-unixsocket                                                                                           0.2.0-2                                    deb           
python3-setuptools                                                                                                    45.2.0-1                                   deb           
python3-six                                                                                                           1.14.0-2                                   deb           
python3-software-properties                                                                                           0.99.9.8                                   deb           
python3-urllib3                                                                                                       1.25.8-2ubuntu0.1                          deb           
python3-wheel                                                                                                         0.34.2-1                                   deb           
python3.8                                                                                                             3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
python3.8-dev                                                                                                         3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
python3.8-minimal                                                                                                     3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.4                    deb           
quickstartgenerator                                                                                                                                              java-archive  
readline-common                                                                                                       8.0-4                                      deb           
requests                                                                                                              2.22.0                                     python        
requests-unixsocket                                                                                                   0.2.0                                      python        
rsc.io/binaryregexp                                                                                                   v0.2.0                                     go-module     
sed                                                                                                                   4.7-1                                      deb           
sensible-utils                                                                                                        0.0.12+nmu1                                deb           
servlet-api                                                                                                           3.1                                        java-archive  
setuptools                                                                                                            0.6c11                                     python        
setuptools                                                                                                            45.2.0                                     python        
shared-mime-info                                                                                                      1.15-1                                     deb           
sigs.k8s.io/cli-utils                                                                                                 v0.22.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/cli-utils                                                                                                 v0.27.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/cli-utils                                                                                                 v0.29.4                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime                                                                                        v0.10.1                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime                                                                                        v0.11.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime                                                                                        v0.6.0                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                                                                      v0.0.0-20211208200746-9f7c6b3444d2         go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kind                                                                                                      v0.12.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/api                                                                                             v0.10.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/api                                                                                             v0.11.4                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/api                                                                                             v0.8.11                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/cmd/config                                                                                      v0.10.1                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kustomize/v4                                                                                    (devel)                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kyaml                                                                                           v0.0.5                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kyaml                                                                                           v0.10.17                                   go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kyaml                                                                                           v0.12.0                                    go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kyaml                                                                                           v0.13.1-0.20211203194734-cd2c6a1ad117      go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kyaml                                                                                           v0.13.7-0.20220418212550-9d5491c2e20c      go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v3                                                                                  v3.0.0                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                                                                  v4.1.2                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                                                                  v4.2.1                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                                                                      v1.2.0                                     go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                                                                      v1.3.0                                     go-module     
six                                                                                                                   1.12.0                                     python        
six                                                                                                                   1.14.0                                     python        
slf4j-api                                                                                                             1.6.4                                      java-archive  
snappy-java                                                                                                           1.0.4.1                                    java-archive  
software-properties-common                                                                                            0.99.9.8                                   deb           
start                                                                                                                 9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
systemd                                                                                                               245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
systemd-sysv                                                                                                          245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
systemd-timesyncd                                                                                                     245.4-4ubuntu3.17                          deb           
sysvinit-utils                                                                                                        2.96-2.1ubuntu1                            deb           
taglibs-standard-impl                                                                                                 1.2.5                                      java-archive  
taglibs-standard-spec                                                                                                 1.2.5                                      java-archive  
tar                                                                                                                   1.30+dfsg-7ubuntu0.20.04.2                 deb           
threetenbp                                                                                                            1.3.3                                      java-archive  
tzdata                                                                                                                2022a-0ubuntu0.20.04                       deb           
ubuntu-keyring                                                                                                        2020.02.11.4                               deb           
ucf                                                                                                                   3.0038+nmu1                                deb           
unattended-upgrades                                                                                                   0.1                                        python        
unattended-upgrades                                                                                                   2.3ubuntu0.1                               deb           
urllib3                                                                                                               1.25.8                                     python        
util-linux                                                                                                            2.34-0.1ubuntu9.3                          deb           
webapp2                                                                                                               2.3                                        python        
webapp2                                                                                                               2.5.1                                      python        
webapp2                                                                                                               2.5.2                                      python        
websocket-api                                                                                                         9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
websocket-client                                                                                                      9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
websocket-common                                                                                                      9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
websocket-server                                                                                                      9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
websocket-servlet                                                                                                     9.4.45.v20220203                           java-archive  
wget                                                                                                                  1.20.3-1ubuntu2                            deb           
wheel                                                                                                                 0.34.2                                     python        
wsgiref                                                                                                               0.1.2                                      python        
x11-common                                                                                                            1:7.7+19ubuntu14                           deb           
x11-utils                                                                                                             7.7+5                                      deb           
xauth                                                                                                                 1:1.1-0ubuntu1                             deb           
xdg-user-dirs                                                                                                         0.17-2ubuntu1                              deb           
xz-utils                                                                                                              5.2.4-1ubuntu1.1                           deb           
zlib1g                                                                                                                1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu1.3                   deb           
zlib1g-dev                                                                                                            1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu1.3                   deb           
